Add information about output (#34)
exercism/automated-tests: docs/interface.md

      "status": "fail",
      "message": "Expected 42 but got 123123",
      "output": "Debugging information output by the user"
    }
  ]
}
```

### Top level

The following overall statuses are valid:
- `pass`: All tests passed
- `fail`: At least one test failed
- `error`: To be used when the tests did not run correctly

The top level `message` key should provide a message when tests fail to execute due to an error/exception. For example, in Ruby, we provide the error and stack trace if an exception occurs while running the tests. If there is no error/exception, either set the value to `null` or omit the key entirely.

### Per-test

#### Statuses

The following per-test statuses are valid:
- `pass`: The test passed
- `fail`: The test failed
- `error`: The test errored

#### Messages

The per-test `message` key can be used to display human-readable error messages. Presume that whatever is written here will be displayed to the student. If there is no error message, either set the value to `null` or omit the key entirely.

#### Output

The per-test `output` key should be used to store and output anything that a user deliberately outputs for a test.

> - It may attached to all tests results, or just those that fail, which are currently the only ones we show to a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It may be attached to all tests results, or just those that fail, which are currently the only ones we show to a user.
```

- Only content outputted by a user manually should show - not automatic output by the test-runner.

> - You may either capture content that is output through normal means (e.g. `puts` in Ruby, `print` in Python or `WriteLine` in C#), or you may provide a method that the user may use (e.g. the Ruby Test Runner provides a user with a globally avaliable `debug` method that they can use, which has the same charateristics as the standard `puts` method).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You may either capture content that is output through normal means (e.g. `puts` in Ruby or `print` in Python), or you may provide a method that the user may use (e.g. the Ruby Test Runner provides a user with a globally available `debug` method that they can use, which has the same characteristics as the standard `puts` method).
```

I'm not actually doing this in C#, but something a bit different (more like the second option).

Author: Yeah, I was intending to give examples of what `puts` is in different languages, in case people weren't familiar. Ruby isn't doing this either.

Is there a better way I could word it?

Reviewer: Let me think about it!

Reviewer: I've updated
